Introduction


Hi.

My name is Asher Hexun.

This account you’re reading is my origin story. 

You’ll be saying a whole lot of “what the hell!?” and “that’s impossible!” as you go through this account of my adventures as a young Dra - wait. I can’t tell you that yet. 

Anyway, suffice it to say that the story I’m about to tell you will seem straight up out of a fantasy novel, no shit. I’ll tell it exactly as it happened, and allow you to draw your own conclusions as to the validity and authenticity of my account. 

My story begins on a cold windy night in the middle of October.

Most kids are born in hospitals with the help of nurses and doctors. Some fathers hold a camera filming the moment of their birth; other fathers hold the mother’s hand, providing mental and moral support, encouraging her in performing the miracle of childbirth.

The baby is born, and the doctor holds up the little bundle for their awaiting parent to see. Their eyes filling with tears of joy and happiness as they finally meet their beloved child, the one they waited nine months to meet; and once the doctor hands the baby over to them, they cuddle it and tell him or her just how much they love and treasure them. 

But as you probably guessed, none of this was the case for me. Like everything else that followed in my life, my entrance into this world wasn’t exactly normal.

The wind rattled against the small windows of a remote cottage in the middle of an unnamed forest as my mother pushed me out, her screams drowning out the noise outside as my father stood off to the side observing her helplessly, as she had refused any assistance from him.

With one final cry of agony, I came out onto the cold bed, her blood staining the white sheets a deep shade of crimson. “It’s done” she snarled at my father as she violently cut the umbilical cord and weakly got up, not even looking at her child as she dizzily stumbled to the bathroom. 

Still keeping an eye on her, my father approached the bed and gently picked me up, cradling me in his arms and softly swaying me side to side as my cries pierced the air and ricocheted off the walls, their sound filling the entire room.

“Good job Matilda,” he said, turning towards my mother. “Your part of the deal is fulfilled - you may leave”. She scuffed, giving him one final poisonous glare as she closed the bathroom door.

Father gingerly cleaned and dressed me, checking me over to make sure I was healthy and comfortable. He remarked to himself that he would have to make me a bottle of formula milk later since it would be too much of a stretch to ask my mother to breastfeed me at least once.

When my mom came out of the bathroom half an hour later, my father was still waiting in the room to make sure she was okay. Her dark-brown eyes stared at the baby in his arms with undisguised disgust; Then she turned around, grabbed her stuff, and opened the door as a gust of wind entered the room with a vengeance, prowling the room like a hungry animal, turning everything this way and that, pushing against her as she fought her way outside, and slammed the door behind her with a bang.

That was the last I ever saw of my mother. Not that I remember any of this at all, as I learned it from my father word for word as I have told it to you. It may seem rash to narrate it in such a way, but he is a man of few words and not prone to sugar coat things, however painful. It was definitely painful to my then seven-year-old self the first time he told me what had happened to my mother.

Unfortunately, life didn’t get rid of the weirdness that marked my birth. My earliest memories were of moving around from state to state and country to country, always on the move and yet never arriving at our destination. Sometimes strange people would come to visit our house and sit around the living room talking with my dad. On such occasions, I would be placed in the middle of the room and given various toys,which I would be encouraged to play with while my father and the other people observed me closely, taking notes.

 After some time had passed, they would speak a while longer with my father, and then leave. These encounters were such a normal part of my life that I was actually confused when they stopped coming when I turned four, never to be mentioned again by my father. I never really got around to asking, and sometimes I still wonder if I had imagined the whole thing. It doesn’t help that no matter how hard I try I couldn't remember their faces.

It had been a long time since I even bothered to think about that deeply buried memory, its obscure presence only coming to mind as it was forcefully pulled from my subconsciousness on the morning of my fifteenth birthday as I found myself face to face with one of these mysterious individuals in a quiet dark room. That’s when everything changed… and not for the better.

























Chapter 1: Get Out of My Head!


“Greetings Asher”, said the person sitting on a metal table opposite me, his legs crossed casually as he tapped a pen against the table. “What!? Where am I? Who are you? What happened?” I asked all at once, panic rising in my throat. This was wrong - awfully wrong. The last thing I remember was falling asleep the morning before my birthday, excited for whatever the day might hold, and now here I was, handcuffed to a chair in what appeared to be an interrogation room with a strange man looking at me.

I tightened my fist waiting for him to give me an answer, but he remained silent. Worst of all, I had no idea what kind of expression he was wearing, since his face was completely covered. I suddenly realized why I could never remember these people’s faces - they had always worn the same shiny smooth black masks that hid their features.

He observed me for some more time, or at least that’s what I think he was doing; for all I knew he could have fallen asleep on the table. Finally, he sighed, seeming to come to a decision, and approached me, his footsteps making a tremendous amount of noise in the otherwise absolutely quiet room.

I tried to recoil from him but it was impossible as I was very much tied to a chair. But this itself was strange - why couldn’t I break the cuffs? Normally this would be no problem for me. He seemed to read my thoughts because he got right up in my face, his shiny mask reflecting my terrified face, my own grey eyes staring back at me. “This is not the real world boy”, he said from behind the mask; “This is a dream created by me - my world, my rules. Here, you are helpless”.

He dialed back his tone, switching back to something that could be remotely considered friendly. “So Asher, how are your markings doing?”. I looked at him in bewilderment. How did he know about my markings Oh. Yes. He probably saw them when I was still small. The real question was what made him think I would answer any of his questions?

I was beginning to suspect that he could actually read my mind because he sighed again. “We have an attitude I see...”, he said, adjusting his suit sleeves, “Your father has taught you well; unfortunately, that’s not a good thing to try with me boy, I’m a handler after all”.

I tried to wipe the scared expression from my face. “I don’t know what that is and I’m not telling you anything”. He crossed his arms, again regarding me with whatever expression he had underneath that mask. “I figured as much”, he finally said. “Unfortunately for you, and fortunately for me, I control everything in here”. He extended his arm toward me and in seconds I was no longer wearing clothes, stripped down to my underwear. 

I made a strangled sound, a mixture of both surprise and sudden embarrassment at being half-naked in front of a stranger. “What the… What’s your problem, you pervert?” I shouted, pulling at my cuffs in angry frustration.

He tilted his head slightly, almost like he found my reaction amusing, “Relax kid - I mean you no harm”, he said getting closer putting on black leather gloves, “All I need is to examine your markings”. I pulled so hard at my bonds the chair rattled. “Get away from me!” I shouted at him. 

He, of course, ignored me, gently touching the beginning of one of my marks. I growled at him in anger before doing the only thing I could tied up: I bit him.

He jumped backward, cursing and shaking his injured hand, anger clearly visible on his frame, “You little… So that’s how you want it? Fine. I tried to be nice, to do it the gentle way…”, he waved his hand and a muzzle appear around my mouth, several of the straps pushing my head back at an uncomfortable angle, leaving my neck, and the markings on it, fully exposed. “Let’s continue, shall we Asher? And no more horsing around or next time I will paralyze you and I can guarantee you that that will not be… pleasant”.

Reluctantly I let him get near me again. not that I had much of a choice, but this time he didn’t touch me, not directly at least; instead he brought out his metal pen that I realized was not a simple pen at all as it had initially appeared. He clicked something and one end began to sparkle with blue electricity. “Now I would tell you not to move…”, he said leaning over me, “But you won’t be going anywhere anyway”.

The moment the pen touched my markings I screamed in pain as pure agony rolled down my spine like greek fire, spreading down through my body to the very tip of my fingers. “Hmmm…  interesting reaction”, he commented, stopping for a few seconds as I tried to catch my breath, my mouth opened in a silent scream, saliva dribbling down my face as I tried to remember how to breathe normally.

He wrote something on a notepad that appeared out of nowhere. “Seems you are doing remarkably good Asher - you’re way ahead of the others, which means…”, he leaned in close to me again, his tone taking on a dangerous note, “I can push you a little bit more”.

The next time his pen touched my skin, the pain was so bad I blacked out in between screaming sessions, my body slipping in and out of consciousness for what seemed to me like hours, but which was probably less than a minute. Just when I thought I couldn’t take it any longer he was gone as quickly as he came.

I felt relief beyond measure as I, through my blurred vision, looked around the room trying to figure out what happened. It wasn’t long until I spotted him slumped against a wall that had fractured with the force of the blow, dark tendrils of matter filtering in between the cracks. For a second I dared to hope that he was dead -  hope that was very short-lived as he came to and got up shakily, rubbing the back of his head. “It seems that your father thinks we had carried it too far, a pity really”. Furtively, I tried to struggle out of my bonds as he placed a hand on my forehead, his thumb in between my eyes. “Time to go back.” he said… and everything went dark again.

_________________________________________________________________________

I woke up drenched in sweat, my long black hair sticking to my forehead like a wet mop. I sat up, looking around in alarm and half expecting to see his dark frame beside my bed, to see his mask reflecting my pale face as he got his pen ready; but there was nothing out of the ordinary, my room looked like it usually did - dark blue walls with some posters here and there, white curtains pulled shut, only partially blocking out the early morning sun. 

A plastic chair stood in another corner with some clothes thrown haphazardly over the backrest; close by stood my small desk that barely had enough space for my laptop, a lamp, and a few notebooks. In another corner, some boxes still remain unpacked, an ever-present reminder that it wouldn’t be long until we got our bags and headed towards the next city, the next house. Stability was a word foreign to both my mental and verbal vocabulary.

I put my feet on the soft carpet and rubbed the markings on my neck. Everything seemed so tranquil, so familiar and peaceful, and yet I could not get rid of the feeling of dread that pervaded my entire being as the remembrance of the dream played itself in my mind over and over again. “More like a nightmare”, I muttered to myself as I slowly got up, wondering whether it had just been that. It had seemed so real - so gut-wrenchingly real. 

My markings seemed to ache in agreement as I opened the bathroom door, my bare feet feeling the cold of the bright white tiles as I opened the faucet. I washed my face vigorously, trying to clear my head, while above me the defective light bulb flickered occasionally as I took my shirt off to examine the markings that spread all across my body.

They might have looked like normal birthmarks if it weren't for their unique shape - similar to the scales of a snake, but bigger. The edges of my markings in particular were more spiked - like rows of shark's teeth. From these markings on my neck, other markings extended out over my body. These looked vastly different - some shaped like ferns, or as some medical students may call them, "Lichtenberg scars" - not that I had ever gotten struck by lightning… so far as I knew. (note to self: go ask dad - maybe getting struck by lightning would explain a lot of things). I was simply born like this.

I slipped out of my underwear and stepped into the shower, where I continued to closely inspect the markings that extended to my arms. All the markings began in the back of my neck, curled around my torso, and branched out into my limbs, coiling around my arms and legs. Each branch had its own ending in the back of my hands and feet. Even in the dim light of my defective light bulb, I could tell they had darkened overnight - something that they had been doing over the past years, but that had been especially noticeable these past few weeks.

I was born without them, or so my father tells me. They started to emerge before I reached my first birthday, and at the time they were barely visible - just a little pinkish streak on the back of my neck. Over the years they have gotten more and more noticeable; On my fifteenth birthday, they were a distinct reddish-brown color that was impossible to miss. I didn’t know what they were or what they meant; I didn't even know why I had them - dad had never cared to give me a real explanation.

My father just brushed me off whenever I asked about my markings, but I had formed what I thought to be a pretty good theory. I figured that they were probably the same reason we moved around so much, why my father is so distrustful of everybody, why I could hardly ever leave the house. He went to great lengths to make sure of this, even opting to homeschool me from the moment I was old enough to begin kindergarten.

I turned off the hot water and dried myself, quickly opening the door back into my room and rummaging through my still half-packed clothes. I usually ended up picking whatever looked comfortable - it wasn't like I was gonna leave the house anyway. I considered putting some effort into taming my hair into something remotely resembling neatness, but I gave up on that after three failed attempts.

While I descended the wooden stairs that squeaked softly under my weight, the pleasant smell of breakfast wafted up to me along with my father’s usual scent, and something unfamiliar… I stopped dead in my tracks. There was someone else down there - a person I didn’t know.

  My father seemed to have heard my indecision because he called out, “It's okay Asher, you can come down”. Reluctantly, I obeyed, feeling exposed with my marking so clearly visible.

It took me only a second to recognize the person sitting at our kitchen table, and it took even less time for the fear to settle in. I jumped back instinctively as the man from my dream turned to look at me - or at least so I could gather since I couldn't see his eyes. “Well well well aren't we jumpy today?”, he said, addressing me with a coolness that was absolutely aggravating - as if he hadn’t just tortured me in a dream. Or had he really? Had it all been a dream? Reality? A vision? Things were getting real confusing, real quick.

He must have read my confused expression because he chuckled under his mask. “Confused aren't we, Asher?”, he said as the pen from my dream suddenly appeared in his hand, its gleaming metal making me recoil even more. “Well I can assure you, dear boy, that it was all true - I was in your dream. “Unfortunately, your father here stopped me”. He shook his head, his frame slumped as his posture clearly conveyed the sorrow his face couldn’t.

“Dad?”, my alarmed voice quavered embarrassingly. He looked up from where he was serving two cups of steaming coffee, light brown hair falling messily over his eyes much like my own hair often did. He looked at me like I was being overly dramatic; “It’s okay Asher, if he was a treat I wouldn’t be hanging out with him in our kitchen”. As usual, dad came out sounding perfectly reasonable and logical, a quality of his that I didn't appreciate at the moment.

“But he hurt me”, I said, sounding an awful lot like a little kid pouting over the fact that Johnny from across the street whacked him across the head with a Jenga block.

Dad's expression softened a little; “It wasn’t intentional Asher, it was just a side effect of him testing your abilities - it had to be done..”, he placed the cups down on the table, “Believe me I didn’t enjoy it either; I could hear you screaming from here, and I stopped him when I couldn't take it any longer”.

“A true pity”, the man said, accepting the cup of coffee and moving his mask slightly to the side, exposing his mouth, “On that same topic, quite a remarkable boy you have here Dion - we always knew your genes would amount to something”.

If dad cared for the compliment, he didn’t show it as he began to load his dish with food. I followed suit, all the while eyeing the stranger suspiciously, fear still lingering in my chest. 

Breakfast was often a silent business with dad. He had this rule about not eating over your food, quite old school I know, but I had picked it up from him; no conversation arose from anybody.

The man unlike us didn’t take any of the food and contented himself with sipping his coffee. Not that I had any complaints, since sharing food with him was somewhere near the bottom of my priority list. It also didn't help that even as I finished my food, I was still awfully hungry and that my stomach was making painful somersaults inside of me. Dad, as always, noticed and ignoring my protests gave me the rest of his practically untouched food, almost like he had somehow been expecting this.

“I’m making you pay for our groceries next time, Lionel '', he said to the man as I devoured what was probably three kilos of food a little too quickly. 

Lionel only shrugged;  “What can I say? Those abilities of his can really build an appetite”.

Dad sighed, no doubt still hungry after giving me his food. “Anyway Asher, hurry up and change into your going out clothes - you don't want to be late for school”. I choked and spat out the rest of my coffee, coughing vigorously in an attempt to dislodge the piece of bacon that had evidently flown down the wrong side of my throat and gotten stuck somewhere in the vicinity of my vocal cords - if that’s even possible. “The what now?” I wasn't sure I had heard him correctly.
   
Dad rubbed his upper left arm, the place where he had the same markings as me - his familiar nervous gesture. “I guess I forgot to tell you kiddo, but we have decided it would be a good idea to send you to school. We have detected some… rather unsavory individuals who may be on our trail, and we figured the best way to hide your scent is among a couple hundred teenagers”.

“Are you kidding me!” I exploded, slamming my hand into the table and smashing it in half in the process. “You forgot to tell me I’m going to school for the first time in my life when I have zero social skills and have exchanged exactly three words with somebody my own age? And you expect me to just get up on my birthday and be cool with this?”. 
My father looked taken aback by my sudden outburst. He looked so shaken that he wasn’t even mad at the ruined table; “Um… Yes?” he said uncertainly, evidently at a loss for words.

Lionel laughed from behind his mask. Clearly, the entire situation was amusing to him. “Ah… the teenage hormones acting up I see”; I came this close to launching myself at him, but my father stopped me with one stern look. “Look Asher, I'm sorry things turned out like this, but there is just no way around it”. I considered pleading with him, promising to behave and do all my chores and not complain about math homework, but I could tell by the look in his eyes that I had lost the war before it had even started.

“Fine”. I did nothing to conceal the anger in my voice as I stormed up the stairs and slammed my bedroom door, cracking the wall and ruining the handle in the process.

I threw my clothes this way and that as I got dressed again, purposely making a royal mess to piss my dad off. Maybe if I made him mad enough he would ground me, or whatever it was that parents did in the movies I had seen of high school students and their interactions with their parents. To be honest, the grounding thing had never been applied to me because, well, I hardly left the house anyway. Hard to ground a kid who never leaves the house, is it?

I looked at myself in the mirror to make sure none of my markings were visible under the layers of clothing I wore. I had picked a black turtleneck sweater that took care of most of my arms and neck. My hands were a little more tricky; fortunately, it was late fall, and nobody would see it as unusual if I wore fingerless gloves outside, explaining why I wore them indoors would be more complicated. Maybe I could pass it off as the latest fashion? That seemed a bit of a stretch since I had no idea what the last fashion actually was, but yeah. Could you have come up with a better excuse in my place?

I look at my pale face in the mirror, suddenly terrified of what I was about to be forced into. I had no idea how I would manage to do this; all my life I had been kept hidden, had not even been allowed to play with kids my age, or of any age for that matter. Dad seldomly let me go out and if he did, it was more often than not when we moved houses and he never allowed me to get more than three feet away from him on those occasions.

 I tried to think of all the movies I had seen about high school. Each genre depicted it differently. Some depicted it as all fun and games, with parties all week long and apparently not having a care in the world. Others described it as the worst place imaginable, where all your doubts, fears, and insecurities are exposed for the whole world to see. 

Unfortunately, there had been one consistency - bullies. Their existence was the one all films and shows agreed on, and so I was guessing that that was the only thing I could count on, apart from the fact that I was at a complete loss on how to talk, how to act, or even how to get from class to class. Heck, how did you put your password in a locker? I felt so lost, so scared… so lonely.

My markings began tingling, as they often did when I got too stressed. Dad appeared in my doorway, his arms crossed, a sympathetic look on his face. “I know this is a lot to take in Asher, but…” his voice trailed off for a bit before he resumed with forced composure. “... but I need to keep you safe, more than anything. If something happens to you…”, his voice caught, unusually heavy with emotion, “I don’t think I could go on living”.

His sudden loss of composure surprised me; for the first time, I began to consider what he was probably feeling right now. All my life I had known there was something strange about me; this feeling was only strengthened by the fact that from my earliest memories my father had always 
looked worried like there was something behind every corner ready to snatch me. I believe he took comfort in the fact that at least he was close to protect me at a moment's notice, but now, due to circumstances that were beyond my comprehension, he had to let me go, if only for a few hours. I could tell that it was killing him.

“It’s okay dad”. All my anger dissipated as I looked into his face, lined with years and years of worry and care. “I'm sure it won’t be that bad”.

He smiled half-heartedly at me.
 “I really hope so Asher... I really do”.

-------

Edit from here

I unclenched my jaw, only for it to lock itself painfully, again, for what seemed to be the hundredth time this morning. My markings began to tingle more than they had ever done before, to the point where it was beginning to be uncomfortable.

The school secretary eyed me from behind red-rimmed glasses as she typed something into the computer, her typing coming along way too fast for my liking. I was really hoping she would take all day to type in my info, really hoping I could just stay here and not have to face the scary world outside. The feeling of dread that had begun to build in my stomach the moment dad dropped me off in front of the red brick high school building had not subsided; if anything it was getting worse to the point of making me nauseous with anxiety.

“You’re all good, Mr. Hexun,” she said in a squeaky but kind voice, extending some papers towards me. I clenched my hands to stop them from shaking as I took the papers and got up from the chair, looking at her stupidly for a moment too long before I slowly turned around and exited the small room, making a conscious effort not to break the door handle.

The school hallway was completely empty, which was something I was thankful for until I realized that classes had started a while back and I was about to walk into an already filled-up classroom, interrupting the teacher. “Hell no,” I thought; I’d rather brave whatever was coming for me than do that.

I was about to throw in the towel and call my dad and beg him to take me home when a short girl approached me in the hallway. She was dressed in baggy ripped jeans and an oversized black t-shirt that could probably fit five of her, the front engraved with the symbol of a band whose name I couldn’t remember. Her hair was cut short, black a streak of bleach white in the front. She was whistling a song I didn’t recognize as she walked by, her hands in her pockets.

I considered talking to her and then immediately chickened out as she got closer, her white worn-down converses making soft squeaks on the pale yellowish floor. Maybe I could pretend to ignore her, but that would be hard to accomplish in a completely empty hallway. 

My worst fear came true as she locked eyes with me, her dark brown irises digging seeming to peer straight into my soul; then her face suddenly twisted into a smile. “Well hello! You must be new!”. I looked at her perplexedly, then said something like “Um...yeah. Something like that”. Thankfully, she saved me from the pain of mumbling on incoherently and instead made a gesture for me to hand over my papers. I did so, and then she scanned my file; “Hmmmm, let me see… Hey! You have this class with me, want to come along so you don't get lost?”.

I wanted to tell her I would rather go and hide in the bathroom stalls, but the words didn’t come out. “Um… sure I guess… I mean if you want to.” If she thought I sounded like an idiot, she didn’t let on. “All right then, let's go”. She was already walking ahead; I awkwardly followed her, shouldering my backpack.

“So… What's your name?”. I swallowed twice before speaking, hoping not to stutter this time. “I'm Asher... Asher Hexun” I replied. “Nice to meet you Asher”, she said pleasantly. “Hexun huh? Interesting last name, never heard it before”. I rubbed my arm nervously, just like dad did when he was nervous. “Yeah… it's Scandinavian”.

She nodded, looking genuinely interested. “By the way, my name is Daenerys”.

“Nice to meet you Daenerys”. I willed my entire being no to forget her name, and I was also hoping she’d stop asking questions, but she seemed to be intrigued by me. “So Asher, where are you from? You have a peculiar accent - are you from outside The States?”.

I racked my brain trying to answer her question. Until today I hadn't realized I had an accent, probably because I only spoke to my dad, and I had no idea where he had picked it up from. “My dad grew up outside of the U.S”, I answered truthfully; “But he moved all over Europe during his childhood, so I'm not sure where he got it from, and I guess I just picked it up from him”. 

This seemed to spike her interest even more, but luckily for me, we were in front of the classroom door before she could continue her interrogation. I paused, my anxiety washing over me so strongly that my marking actually began to burn. I tried to breathe deeply, attempting to calm myself down and brace myself for the inevitable, but Daenerys didn’t even give me the chance.  She threw the door open without a second thought, making the teacher stop mid-sentence.

She waltzed into the room with a very careless air, earning an exasperated sigh from the teacher. “You could learn to knock, Daenerys,” he said, putting his book down, “Especially considering you are quite late for class”. She shrugged, taking one of the back seats, her attitude clearly showing that she genuinely didn’t care. The teacher looked defeated and turned back to the board, and that's when he caught sight of me, standing in the open door like a deer in the headlights.

“Good morning”, the teacher said pleasantly, “I heard we had a new student - I gather that you’re him?”. It took about five seconds for my brain to process what he said before I nodded slowly; at this point the entire class was leaning forward in their chairs, trying to get a glimpse of the new kid. My markings flared so badly I winced, my left hand automatically going to my neck, where the pain was the worst.

It took me a while to figure out that the teacher was waiting for me to step inside. I gritted my teeth so hard, I was sure they would shatter as I slowly walked into the classroom, not making eye contact with anybody but painfully aware of all their stares on me.

The teacher cleared his throat, “Okay class this is your new classmate, and I ask all of you to make him feel welcome”. He turned towards me, “My name is Mr. Aven, and I will be your homeroom as well as your history teacher for the rest of the year. Now how about some ice breakers? Can you tell the class your name?”. 

The back of my neck burned so badly I tasted blood as I bit the inside of my cheek, the light above us flickering slightly. “Um... “, I began, and that was just about as far I could manage; it was like my windpipes closed themselves as I stood frozen in front of the entire class, who were beginning to give me pitiful looks. Mr. Aven was about to interject when a voice from the back of the class saved me.

 “His name is Asher Hexun, the last name is Scandinavian”.  Daenerys called from the back, suddenly jumping to her feet, “And he has such a cute accent! Seriously, you should have heard him speak earlier!”

She smiled as the attention of the entire class turned towards her. “But how about I tell one of my jokes? I've been working on a comedy sketch-”, she lapsed into a funny anecdote, the entire class forgetting all about me. I took the opportunity to quietly slip into a chair, putting my head down to avoid any eye contact. I really needed to thank Daenerys later; she had saved me from possibly the most embarrassing situation of my entire life.

Even Mr. Avon seemed to be relieved and allowed her to go on for a while, before calling the class's attention back to himself. “That was a good show Daenerys, but may I continue my class now? Save the comedy for the talent show”. She grinned and bowed dramatically to the class before sitting back down. 

“So, where was I? Mr. Avon said, picking his book back up. “Ah yes on the matter of the discovery of The Americas - Columbus was far from being the first to set foot on it; it is in fact very likely that the Vikings were the first non-natives to explore the North American Continent..”.

Soon my mind wandered far away from the lecture, all of which I already knew anyway, and focused on more pressing issues - like the fact my markings were killing me. Looking around to make making sure nobody was watching me, I moved one of my gloves slightly so I could take a peek; from what I was feeling I expected the skin to be red, but instead, they looked normal, just a bit shiny like a coat of translucent varnish had been painted on them, but otherwise normal.

“You are just stressed out of your mind,” I told myself as I took a sip from my water bottle, my foot tapping as I fidgeted, the class seeming to go on endlessly. Finally, the bell rang, and I got up, thankful to get out of there. In seconds Daenerys was beside me; “Your next class is not with me”, she informed me as she walked me to the door, “But I'll take you there so you don't get lost”.

“Thank you” I whispered softly as we entered the now crowded hallway. I swallowed nervously as she led me through the multitude, and I tried to hide behind her, something that proved to be quite fruitless as I was like a whole foot taller than her. 

The agglomeration of people also brought forth something I had never considered would be a problem when in a crowd - probably because I had never been in one before. The constant chattering, the locker doors slamming, the heartbeats, and the never-ending sound of footsteps against the tile floor… It was totally overwhelming as my superhuman hearing picked up every single sound, however slight, and amplified them inside my head. It felt like being assaulted by a hailstorm of sound-wave bullets hitting my cranium at the speed of, well, sound! 

I was so dazed by the chaos around me I didn’t realize Daneris had stopped until I bumped into her, my reflexes kicking in at the last second as I caught her with one arm just as she was about to hit the floor. She looked up at me for a second, clearly confused because of how fast it had happened. The incident also caught the attention of some of the kids around us who turned to look. “Um... I'm really sorry about that…”, I said, pulling her to her feet; “Are you okay? I'm really sorry…”. She seemed to have analyzed the situation and nodded at me, smiling; “Don’t worry about it Asher, I'm fine - But my goodness you are strong! I felt like I got hit by a train”. 

I rubbed my shoulder awkwardly, very aware of some curious lingering stares. “I'm sorry” I whispered again. She pointed toward the classrooms we were standing in front of; “You don't need to apologize again Asher - I'm okay really, and here's you next class: Biology”. I looked at the classroom and nodded; “Okay… Thank you”. She waved at me, already walking away, “Anytime”. I took a few deep breaths. “Okay, this next class couldn't be as bad as the first one.” I said to myself. At least I didn’t have to walk into an already full classroom this time.

My standing at the door must have caught the teacher's attention because she appeared from the back of the room. “Hello” she called out politely, “Can I help you? Are you our new student?” . Oh great - social interaction again. I nodded in the affirmative. “Okay then”, she said, grabbing a clipboard, “Can you give me your name please?”. “Um…” - did I really have to start every sentence with that, seriously? “I’m Asher Hexun”. I looked at her face as she wrote the name down. It was clear she had no idea how to spell it and I prayed to whatever God was out there that she wouldn't ask me how to do so.

She looked at me again after a while, “Okay, I got you written down, you may take a seat”. I passed her, taking one of the seats in the back. There were few students in the classroom, but their eyes followed me curiously as I sat down, placing my bag on the floor against the desk.

Slowly, people began pouring in. An athletic-looking kid took the seat beside me at the shared lab table, glancing at me but not saying anything, for which I was grateful. A few moments later, the teacher got up and closed the door before addressing us.

“Good morning class”, She said, adjusting her silver-framed glasses. “I hope all of you did the reading I assigned yesterday… and in the unfortunate case that you didn’t, I will ask you to pay close attention to today's lecture unless you want to fall behind.” She grabbed a thick volume from the desk, “If that is understood, let's begin today's lesson on The permeation of the cellular membrane, as you may remember from last class the membranes of cells are selective, which allows…”

Once again my brain drifted off, the monotonous sound of the lecture only serving as background noise for my thoughts. Now that the shock of being forced to go to school was beginning to wear off, my mind was focusing on other matters - like what exactly could be after us? Now that I seriously thought about it, I was beginning to get really terrified of whatever could make my father let go of me. My mind went wild, coming up with all sorts of crazy scenarios, each one worse than the last. I was beginning to fear for my father - what if whatever was coming for me, hurt him instead? What if he had to fight all alone to protect me while I was here, listening to a biology lecture, pretending to be normal?

I was abruptly snapped out of my train of thought by the person in front of me handing me a paper. “Pop quiz” the girl explained, seeing my confused face before she turned back around to her own paper like it was no big deal. Great! I hadn’t been paying attention in class, on my first day, and I was probably now clueless about the topic - what if I failed? Words yet, what if I failed the class? Would I get expelled? No - I didn’t think that that's how it worked, but then I wasn’t sure how anything in here worked in general. 

My hearing picked up my table mate swearing under his breath as he read the questions on the paper, his expression becoming more and more hopeless as his eyes moved down the paper.
His little display of panic certainly didn’t help me; I brought out a pen, confident I was going to fail spectacularly. I put my name and date on the top of the page - good thing today was my birthday today, for otherwise I wouldn't have had any idea what day it was.

Taking a deep breath, I read the first few questions, and raised an eyebrow in surprise - I re-read the questions several times, incredulous that I actually knew the answers. Thinking it was pure luck, I read the whole list of questions, only to find that I was not only familiar with the whole topic, but found all the questions very easy to answer. I silently thanked my dad for doing an excellent job educating me as I quickly began to circle the correct answers, finishing in little more than a minute. I wasn’t quite sure of what I was supposed to do now that I was finished, and looking around, I couldn't see anybody who was done yet either.

“Hey,” a voice whispered to my right, making me turn to look at the boy sitting beside me. “Hey mate”, he said in an accent I didn’t recognize, “Help me out here… Please?”. I immediately understood his meaning as he looked down at his own paper - he had only answered four of the ten questions, and I could see that two were wrong. “Please man...” he said, clearly noticing the doubt in my face; “... My old man will kill me if my biology grades get any lower.”

Looking at him, I saw sincere anguish in his hazel eyes, and whatever little resolve I had left about avoiding academic dishonesty crumbled. It was just some dumb test answers - if I was in his shoes, I would have probably paid for somebody
 to help me out as well.

“Um...fine”, I whisper back, tilting my own paper slightly so he could read it without it being super obvious. It certainly helped that we were at the last table of our row. His eyes darted with practiced precision from my paper to his, circling the answers, giving me the impression that this wasn’t really the first time he had done this. “Thanks, dude... Seriously.” He whispered as soon as he was done. “I owe you one.” It felt oddly good to be thanked by somebody, even if what I had just done was dishonest. Well, it wasn’t like getting expelled would be the worst thing in the world; heck, even detention sounded good - you didn’t have to speak to anyone in there, right?.

“Don’t worry about it.” I whispered back, not sure of how to respond to his gratitude.“You’re a real one mate.” He said, putting his own quiz face down on the table, which finally clarified what i was supposed to do with mine. Around us, more and more people began to place their own sheets face down. Some looked smug, some looked like they weren’t quite sure of how it had gone, but most looked like they had just seen their dog get hit by a semi-truck.

I wondered if this class was really hard, or if it had just been this test in particular? I rummaged through my backpack before pulling out a copy of my schedule; the first hour had been calculus - glad I missed that one - next came history, the one I had taken with Daenarys. After that was biology, then lunch break, P.E, one free period, and then chemistry.

I noticed that all of my classes, except for P.E, had A.P in front of them. I wasn’t sure of what that meant; I thought of asking the kid next to me, but I couldn't quite muster the courage. He seemed to have been staring at my schedule as well because he made a hissing sound, like air passing through his teeth. He gave me a sympathetic look, but didn’t elaborate on what exactly he had found so surprising - and it wasn’t like I was about to inquire.

Deciding it would be better to just ask my dad about it later, I put the schedule away, taking another sip of my water bottle as the teacher walked around, picking up the quizzes from the tables. “I hope all of you did well,”, the teacher said, her heels making a clicking sound as she walked among the students; “We have gone over this material several times - if you failed this quiz, the reason is plain and simple: you haven’t been studying and keeping up with the material. If that is the case, I want all of you to think about whether you belong in this class”.

Her eyes lingered on several students as she said this; one of them, I realized, was my table mate who seemed to shrink under her gaze, his head hanging down in defeat. I mused about that for a while; he certainly wasn't well versed in the material, or in this topic in particular at least, but the part about not belonging in the class? That bit seemed strange, but again, I wasn’t willing to ask him about it, especially not when he looked so down.

The teacher walked back to the front of the room, placing the pile of paper on her desk like a judge giving a final verdict. “Very well class,” she said; “I hope this was a wake-up call for most of you. Now, we still have some time left - if all of you would be so kind open your books to page 345…” Around me, all the other kids began shuffling around, bringing out the thick volumes from their backpacks and setting them down on the table, an action that made me realize I didn’t have a book. Even my table partner had one, and he seemed to notice my panicked face because he leaned forward and asked if I forgot my book.

I nodded - I wasn’t sure where I was supposed to get my books from, and I hadn't even asked the lady at the front desk, or even Daenerys. Looking back, I really wished I had.

“Um,” I began, eyeing our teacher, “Do um, you think she will, maybe, you know… Let it slide because it's my first day?”. He shook his head; “Unlikely… She lives in a perpetual state of bitterness, probably because she can't land a man...”. I grimaced. I was screwed - I may have survived the pop quiz, but it looked like this class was out to get me.

The kid beside me looked down at his book for a few seconds, just as the teacher began walking down the rows again, appearing to be checking if everybody had their book. “Here,” he whispered, appearing to have come to a decision as he slid the book over to my side of the table, “You can have mine, just tell her it's yours”. “What?” I hissed back, grabbing the book with the intention of giving it back to him “No, you are going to get in trouble.” He refused to take the book, and gave me a tumps up with a stupid smile on his face. “Don’t worry mate, I owed you one anyway,” he whispered before raising his hand. “Teacher,” he said, his hand still in the air, “I forgot my book, sorry.”.

The woman's gaze turned toward us, her dark brown eyes looking him up and down from behind her lenses. “Mr. Walker,” she said, looking down at her clipboard, “This is the fifth time this year you forgot your book”. Walker only shrugged; “I’m sorry Miss,'” he said, “I was running kind of late”. She glared at him for a few seconds before sighing, “Just share the book with Mr. Hesus,`” she said, completely butchering my last name. “But mark my words, this is your last chance, next time I'll send you outside understood?” He nodded, still giving her his stupid smile, “Yes mam”. She scoffed, walking back to the front of the classroom while shaking her head in disappointment. Some kids snickered at the interaction, a sound that was quickly hushed with a single glare from the teacher.

“Told you it would be fine,” Walker said, leaning towards me, flipping through the book that I had set in the middle of the table, as the teacher began her lecture again. I couldn't really say things had turned out okay, in my opinion they were far from okay, but Walker seemed to be satisfied with the result. “Sorry for causing you trouble,” I whispered as the teacher began writing something down on the board. He waved it away; “Seriously, dont worry about it.”

Of course I was worried about it; if he had only told me he was already in trouble with the teacher, I would have taken her scolding, after all this would only be my first time, against his fifth. Walker, however, didn’t seem even remotely bothered by her promise to kick him out of the class the next time he messed up as he whistled softly, writing down in his notebook what was written on the board. Occasionally, he would glance at our shared textbook and annotate something from there as well. 

With a nervous sigh I decided I better follow suit; this time at least I would try to pay attention, even if it was only to get my mind off the mountain of worries that just seemed to get worse by the hour.


